Skip to main content Smith About Smith Home Profile News The Dean Strategic Plan Equity, Diversity, Inclusion & Indigenization Learning Environment Partnerships Services SmithStore ​ Queen's University ​ Learning Undergraduate Programs MBA Programs Graduate Programs Executive Education International SmithEdge Insights & Research Smith Business Insight Research Publications Centres Faculty Meet Our Faculty Join Our Ranks Alumni & Giving Give to Smith Alumni Recruit & Engage Recruiting Partnerships Work with Students Smith Business Consulting MDPM Degree MDPM Home Interdisciplinary Approach Career & Coaching Support Employment Outcomes Program Advisory Board Apply Now Our Graduate Programs Suite Program Details Curriculum How You Learn Schedule Faculty Fees & Financing Admissions Info Sessions Our Students Class Profile Success Stories About Smith SmithEdge Contact Contact Us Introduce Yourself Virtual Consultation Case for Sponsorship Get Started Get Started Program Fees Payment Type Due Date Domestic International Deposit Upon Acceptance $5,000* $5,000* 1st Installment Sept 1, 2024 $9,583 $17,083 2nd Installment Jan 1, 2025 $14,583 $22,083 3rd Installment May 1, 2025 $14,584 $22,084 Total ​ $43,750 $66,250 All figures in CAD. International students may be required to purchase the University Health Insurance Plan (UHIP) if they cannot provide evidence of equivalent coverage. A person is classified as a domestic student if they have Canadian citizenship, landed immigrant status, permanent resident status or dual Canadian citizenship. Fees are subject to final approval of Queen’s Board of Trustees and Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. *Non-refundable Travel and Accommodation Costs Accommodation and some meals for in-person sessions are included in program fees. Travel costs are not included. Students are responsible for all travel arrangements and meeting any travel requirements. Case for Sponsorship Our complimentary guide will help you share career outcomes and return on investment experienced by Smith MDPM graduates as you discuss the program with others. Get Your Guide Financing OSAP funding is not available for the MDPM program. Student Line of Credit (Domestic Students) Smith School of Business has partnered with RBC to offer a student line of credit tailored to your needs. We recommend you reach out to one of the contacts below, as they are familiar with our program and your financing needs. Alternatively, please contact the RBC Advice Centre at 1-800-769-2511 or visit your local RBC branch to speak to an advisor. Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada only. Acceptance to the program does not guarantee or imply qualification for financing. RBC Contacts Suzanne Doherty suzanne.doherty@rbc.com 1.613.544.5640 Afsheen Asif afsheen.asif@rbc.com 1.613.545.5746 Gillian Reynard gillian.reynard@rbc.com 1.613.389.4922 Personal Income Tax Treatment of Tuition Fees (Domestic Students) Participants who pay all or part of the program fees personally are eligible to claim a tuition tax credit on the tuition portion of the fees. For more information, ask a professional income tax advisor to give you an assessment of the impact of your tuition on your personal tax situation. RRSP Withdrawals (Domestic Students) You and/or your spouse may be eligible to make tax-free withdrawals from your RRSP's to help fund your education. This program is considered full-time and is eligible for withdrawals under the LLP. Please contact your income tax advisor for details. Employer Support Smith’s Professional Graduate Program Services (PGPS) office will prepare a letter for employers outlining the benefits of the program and different ways (e.g., paid time off, tuition support) they might support the student financially or through additional accommodations. Scholarships Dean’s Entrance Scholarship Smith School of Business is pleased to offer Dean's Entrance Scholarships to applicants on the basis of outstanding academic and professional achievements. Scholarships for Black Students $10,000 scholarship awarded annually to 1 student entering the MDPM program. Given to an equity-deserving Canadian candidate who self-identifies as Black and demonstrates academic excellence, community involvement, and proven leadership experience. To be eligible, candidates must have either Canadian citizenship or Canadian Permanent Residency status. This scholarship is merit-based and will be awarded on the basis of an applicant’s essay submission, as well as the overall strength of their application profile. Selection will be made by a Smith EDII Scholarship Committee. Essay submission deadline is June 15th. Please contact our Recruitment & Admissions team for more information. Scholarships for Indigenous Students $10,000 scholarship awarded annually to 1 student entering the MDPM program. Given to an equity-deserving candidate who is Indigenous-identified and demonstrates academic excellence, community involvement, and proven leadership experience. This scholarship is merit-based will be awarded on the basis of an applicant’s essay submission, as well as the overall strength of their application profile. Selection will be made by a Smith EDII Scholarship Committee. Essay submission deadline is June 15th. Please contact our Recruitment & Admissions team for more information. “As we move deeper into the digital era, we have to think about the world through the lens of how things are connected. As we teach business and technological skills related to lifecycle management, what we are also teaching is how to transform industries, as they work to come into this new age.” Dr. Kathryn Brohman Associate Professor and Distinguished Faculty Fellow of Digital Technology Program Director, MDPM Smith School of Business Kingston Goodes Hall Queen's University Kingston, Ontario Canada K7L 3N6 1.877.533.2330 Toronto Simcoe Place 200 Front Street West 30th Floor 416.365.7141 Smith Programs Undergraduate Programs MBA Programs Graduate Programs Executive Education Directories Contact Us Smith Centres Smith Services Connect with Smith Facebook Instagram Twitter X Linkedin WeChat The Smith School of Business Kingston campus is situated on traditional Anishinaabe and Haudenosaunee Territory. SmithToronto is situated on the traditional territory of the Huron-Wendat and Petun First Nations, the Seneca, and the Mississaugas of the Credit River. Give to Smith Careers Program Portals Academic Integrity Privacy © Smith School of Business AOS.init(); window.addEventListener('load', AOS.refresh);