Skip to main content Smith About Smith Home Profile News The Dean Strategic Plan Equity, Diversity, Inclusion & Indigenization Learning Environment Partnerships Services SmithStore ​ Queen's University ​ Learning Undergraduate Programs MBA Programs Graduate Programs Executive Education International SmithEdge Insights & Research Smith Business Insight Research Publications Centres Faculty Meet Our Faculty Join Our Ranks Alumni & Giving Give to Smith Alumni Recruit & Engage Recruiting Partnerships Work with Students Smith Business Consulting MDPM Degree MDPM Home Interdisciplinary Approach Career & Coaching Support Employment Outcomes Program Advisory Board Apply Now Our Graduate Programs Suite Program Details Curriculum How You Learn Schedule Faculty Fees & Financing Admissions Info Sessions Our Students Class Profile Success Stories About Smith SmithEdge Contact Contact Us Introduce Yourself Virtual Consultation Case for Sponsorship Get Started Get Started Why Choose MDPM “I have been in the project management space for 15 years. Most recently as a Program Manager on large scale programs focused on building digital products. Those products enable data-powered insights, drive efficiencies for the business, and enhance customer satisfaction by improving the customer journeys. Understanding the product management lifecycle and key concepts has been helpful in my role as a leader of digital teams. For me the MDPM degree is a strategic enhancement of my professional skillset. The MDPM credentials will empower me to be bolder when I pursue the next challenge in my career. “When I was considering options for my grad studies, I was looking for a mix of a well-recognized institution, innovative approach to learning and high quality of programs offered. Smith is the first Business School in North America to offer the Master of Digital Product Management, so it was an easy decision. This program is for people who are passionate or curious about product management, and for those who are ambitious and want to drive change in a digital world.” Velika Ivanova Program Manager, Data Enablement, Sun Life Financial (Canada) “My recent career path has been embedded in Digital Transformation, from supporting several product teams during my tenure at Apple to consumer digital products at Suncor. Digital Product Management is an emerging field and I was seeking an accredited institution where I could learn industry best practices and approaches from experienced faculty. This opportunity at Smith to learn from industry leaders was extremely attractive and they’ve designed the program for students to balance their career, home and education commitments. I am most excited to learn from insiders that have in-depth experience in this space, increase my knowledge in the concepts and approaches to managing Digital Products as well as build a robust network of peers to move forward with in our career journey.” Kris Hayward Product Manager, Consumer Digital Products Suncor “I currently practice as a product manager and have done so for more than 7 years in various industries - Banking/Financial Services & IT including Platform; Cloud/Data/Infrastructure; Growth Product Management and App Modernization tools. I chose to pursue the MDPM degree to learn the academic aspect of product management and digital transformation as I intend to become a leader in the digital transformation ecosystem. Smith at Queen’s has a renowned track record of producing industry leaders through their programs so it’s no surprise they are leading the charge in this space. Everything about this program excites me, learning from industry leading faculty, to collaborating with individuals who share my enthusiasm for product & digital transformation. I would encourage anyone considering the program to take the leap! There are always reasons why one should not do anything. However, in a rapidly evolving digital world, where businesses are struggling to understand what digital transformation means, the MDPM program equips you to stand out.” Kelechi Uzoma Senior Product Manager VMware “I started my career in the Financial sector, and it was at one of the top five Banks in Canada, where I had my first introduction to Product Management. As Product Owner on the Acquisition team, I was tasked with the transformation of the Bank’s online mortgage product offering. My business background gave me the ability to seamlessly transition into this role however what truly cemented my love for digital product management was exposure to new technologies and the creativity unlocked by taking the path uncharted. In this program I’m looking forward to meeting peers, faculty and future mentors from varied professional and academic backgrounds. My hope is to build a long-lasting network of peers and mentors with whom I can discuss new ideas, receive guidance and offer myself as a sounding board. I also look forward to paying this experience forward through the SmithConnect Mentorship Program.” Suchita Sikand Director, Digital Product Management BMO “Over the last 7 years, I’ve worked as a product manager at a multi-national pharmaceutical firm, leading different franchises as well as digitalization of several approaches. In today’s environment, digitalization has become an inevitable part of solutions to fulfill the demand of customers. Not only will this program foster my academic and practical capabilities to lead my firm to stand in good digital shape, but it will also help sculpt my leadership capabilities to achieve my desired digital goals. I’m excited to learn new business trends inside-out in reference to digitalization, review the strategy of successors and understand how to lead firms.” Alireza Guity Regional Product Manager Merck KGaA “I started my career in journalism and transitioned to marketing, currently in the healthcare field. I’m interested in shifting my career path to work with NGOs and Charities. I chose to do the MDPM degree to ensure that I can bring creative and effective strategies in this area. “I am excited to be in this program, the experience has been amazing! From my first point of contact and throughout, I have had the pleasure of meeting many like-minded and interesting people, professors, and students alike, across many sectors. Smith has a global reputation of academic excellence, and I felt that this unique program would be instrumental in providing me with the knowledge and tools to launch into the next phase of my career. I am impressed by the wide scope of coursework in this program, as the curriculum ranges from computer technology, to design, strategy, and ethics. The program covers many evolving technologies and practices which will give me the knowledge I need to make a difference.” Jan Guadagno Director of Marketing Brampton Audiology “I have always been passionate about discovering new ways to make life better for people, hence my journey as a creator, inventor, and product enthusiast. I have been in the product space for about 20 years, and I've held several titles before the current buzzword, ‘product manager.' I was looking to advance my career in business after founding a tech startup, when I discovered the MDPM program on LinkedIn. I immediately knew the program was for me, at this moment, for the purpose of succeeding in my business. Smith School of Business' Master of Digital Product Management program is very inclusive. Though completely online, it is designed to accommodate our busy schedules without the feeling of disconnect or anxiety. In fact, the relationships that I built with my classmates and faculty members gave me confidence, as I felt supported, valued, and respected as a busy adult learner and was able to succeed in the completion of the program, thereby opening doors to wonderful career opportunities.” Akin Akinrinmade Founder, AsteriskRD Inc. Founder, Blakkart Inc. Kingston Goodes Hall Queen's University Kingston, Ontario Canada K7L 3N6 1.877.533.2330 Toronto Simcoe Place 200 Front Street West 30th Floor 416.365.7141 Smith Programs Undergraduate Programs MBA Programs Graduate Programs Executive Education Directories Contact Us Smith Centres Smith Services Connect with Smith Facebook Instagram Twitter X Linkedin WeChat The Smith School of Business Kingston campus is situated on traditional Anishinaabe and Haudenosaunee Territory. SmithToronto is situated on the traditional territory of the Huron-Wendat and Petun First Nations, the Seneca, and the Mississaugas of the Credit River. Give to Smith Careers Program Portals Academic Integrity Privacy © Smith School of Business AOS.init(); window.addEventListener('load', AOS.refresh);